we're Brendan and Tiffany and this is
eating it Berlin so we've decided just
have breakfast here at the hostel
because the circus hostel has a
phenomenal all you can eat breakfast and
tea 45 euros check it out
cucumbers for breakfast you're weird
Tiffany and I are getting some classic
Berlin grub we're getting some curry
Wurst here for lunch should be good
you
Tiffany how's the currywurst how good
that good okay for dinner we're gonna
check out a really german place and
called sauerkraut so maybe we'll have
some sauerkraut who knows
sausage piece of meat more sausage sauce
and mashed potatoes is there any sausage
so what we have is basically a platter
of a lot of things that I can't
pronounce and it's really delicious it's
a lot of meat a lot of sauerkraut and
there's this amazing like mustard that's
actually like babe berry flavored
mustard and it's amazing
so we're down here at the park the old
airport in Berlin and it's raining so
that's it for us on eating in Berlin and
we're gonna catch the train tomorrow
wear off soon knock off the Frog I'll
see you then peace
you